So is the agenda? Opening, acquaintance, tool training and project plan, discussion and then closing. Project aim is a new remote control. It's original, trendy and it's user-friendly. Try out the whiteboard,. every participant should draw their favourite animal and sum up their favourite characteristics of that animal. so, I guess that was the test to see if this equipment is all working. Okay, project finance,. selling price twenty five Euros,. profit aim fifty million Euros.
Market range internationally sold.
It's gotta be can't cost any more than twelve fifty to make. Next meeting starts in thirty minutes.
I mean the last slide wanted us to maybe discuss longer what our what our ideas where. Yeah, I think we're I mean before we close the meeting, we're supposed to come up with some ideas for
Oh so we're actually supposed to be doing this discussion like right now are we or. Right, who's got experiences with remote controls then?
Is this a TV one we are supposed to make?
Yeah. Yeah it's a TV remote control.
Are we are we going for like like telephones are going little teeny tiny things or we are going for something that's that's big and
I mean, you want you want one remote that maybe can work all all of the functions of TV. and if you have whatever associated with TV the DVD player, or something like that,. but like at the same time you don't wanna really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it or something.
'Cause I I I mean I was thinking something that's got different like maybe a a an LCD display on it that's got different pages for different devices,. but that would that would probably be quite expensive. and then after we after we've found out what we can like, some different ideas, we can then go and do the research to find out if these any of these ideas are feasible or not. So would be nice to have something that that controls lots of different things.
Couldn't we have like one that comes out? you actually just putting three or four different remotes together but making them thinner, and into one basically.
Have one very complicated one on one side with all the DVD and VCR access and stuff,. and then on the other side one a remote control that would be very very simple with just the channel, program plus and minus, and the just the mute button, for example.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a two sided remote though,. 'cause it would be very hard to use in the way that you mani manipulate it.
No, but you would slide it into someth like something on the back would hold
Or something like a flip telephone, something like that maybe.
I guess by the end of this meeting we should have at least a a rough conception. Okay. so I mean we still have time in our next meeting to come up with the actual concept for the user interface,. but the the functions that we're sure that we want are that it can control the TV,. but also devices connected to the to the TV, I mean, be able to operate. DVD players, things like that.
I think we should also have a back-up plan of I. 'cause I I I just think that it might be expensive to make something that. We should have a back-up plan of just a really good television remote control, that just that is just for a TV, but it's just a really good, nice one.
Have it be like ergonomic so it's comfortable to use,
But what'll make it what'll make it interesting for people to buy though?
Or maybe even so something that's for disabled people. or big buttons for touchy buttons for
I think a flip up thing,
Like a lock like a lock functs function on it like you have on your telephones,. User Interface Designer, that's that's. so you gotta you go, you're you're gonna be the one that's working out what what buttons we need.. Industrial Designer, you are the one, you know, you're gonna be working out kind of box it goes in, I guess so,
Har how it works an
And in marketing. User requirements specifications.
Do you think our two kind of overlap, because
Yeah, it does seem like our our responsibilities have some overlap.
You two you two are gonna be just, I think, you just double up, you know, you working together. You're the one that's gotta go and find out do th do the research,